at Payless car sales in Mesa
we not only want you to pay less for
your next vehicle but we want you also
to get the best value that's why we
offer the best used car vehicle warranty
in the United States
most dealers sell their vehicles as is
or you'll be lucky to get a 30-day
warranty
if you buy a vehicle from a private
party you'll be lucky to get any
warranty at all we know buying a used
vehicle can be a scary experience but
not at Payless car sales you can buy
with confidence knowing that every
vehicle comes with the remaining factory
warranty or our five year 100,000 mile
warranty
you can trust Payless car sales in mesa
with your transportation needs but don't
just take my word on this because of the
way we treat our customers we've been
given an A rating by the Better Business
Bureau of Arizona as well as a hundred
percent feedback on eBay Motors please
search our entire inventory online at
Payless Arizona comm if you don't find
exactly what you're looking for let us
know we can find it for you
because we are part of a franchise
network we have connections with dealers
and options across the country and can
find you any car truck that you want we
are located at five thirty West Main
Street in Mesa between Country Club and
Alma School Road just minutes from the
202 or 60 at Payless car sales your
satisfaction is our bottom line and we
take it personally visit us online at
Payless arizona comm or call or eight
zero eight two one six one six one you
won't find a better used vehicle for a
better price with a better warranty
anywhere in America experience the
difference at Payless car sales in Mesa
call click or stop in today